Fixed broken links, modified punctuation (#469)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: docs/GettingStartedGuide.md

The following two authentication approaches are available within your application:

1. Using your **platform credentials** that are available on the platform portal by means of the HERE OLP SDK for TypeScript authentication library.
2. Using the **access key ID** and **access key secret** from the platform credentials as described in the [Authentication and Authorization Developer's Guide](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/access_control/topics/introduction.html) to create your own authentication and authorization client for retrieving HERE tokens that you can then provide to the HERE OLP SDK for C++ libraries.

To get your platform credentials, on the [Apps and Keys](https://platform.here.com/profile/apps-and-keys) page, create a new application. Then, to download the credentials, click **Create a key**. For more information on how to get platform credentials, see the [Manage Apps](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/access-control/user-guide/topics/manage-apps.html) section of the [Teams and Permissions User Guide](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/access-control/user-guide/index.html).

## OLP Prerequisite Knowledge

> To use the HERE Open Location Platform (OLP) SDK forC++, you need to understand the following concepts related to OLP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the HERE Open Location Platform (OLP) SDK for C++, you need to understand the following concepts related to OLP:
```

Author: Fixed

* [Catalogs](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/data-user-guide/portal/layers/catalogs.html)
* [Layers](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/data-user-guide/portal/layers/layers.html)
* [Partitions](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/data-user-guide/portal/layers/partitions.html)

> * [HERE Resource Names (HRNs)](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/data-user-guide/shared_content/topics/olp/concepts/hrn.html)

Reviewer: Why plural?

Author: There are several reasons:

1. To correspond to the section titles that the list items refer to.
2. Singular countable nouns require articles (indefinite in this case). It will be a bit confusing and will shift the emphasis from the key concepts if we start each bulleted item here with an indefinite article.

Reviewer: Seems I mistakenly selected multiple lines. I only meant why plural for HRN.
At least for the abbreviation, I would still keep `HRN` without `s`.

Author: The acronym `HRN` stands for a singular noun phrase  `HERE Resource Name`. So if we make it plural, the acronym should also have the plural ending. For more info, please see [Add s to make an acronym plural](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/acronyms#use-a-or-an-depending-on-pronunciation) in the Microsoft Manual of Style

Reviewer: Ok, got it. Thanks.
